# MEETING TIMES

List of Questions

Form of the product that you want (website)
    Discussed with professor - nature of shows is they don’t have internet
    Something to take ringside on the laptop
    Internet access is not gonna be a thing
    Having online registration but don’t need it
    Door that would open up for online registration - transfer that to program
    1 ring, 1 judge, generally less than 100 people
    Information from year to year is the most important
    Database for exhibitors and horses
What do you want to see when the program pops up?
    -
What needs to be on that form?
    Personal info for rider/horse, horse size
    Need the number just for that show
    Search the data by rider name, 
    In the old program - type last name of either horse or rider - would show a list of all the horses and riders with that last name
How are you or your clientele going to use this app? 
    One designated person - one or two people who know the program and will be able to do it
    No kiosk for riders to enter their information
    About 5-6 people a year - require a password
Do you have a particular look & feel in mind? 
    Central repository for the photos, club information, etc
What assets can you provide to us in creating the website and when/how can we get access to them?
    $1500 maybe 
    $2000
Do you have any special security considerations with regard to your data?
    Protect minor information, birth dates and contact info
    External hard drive for backing up the database
Who are your clientele? I.e. who are the exhibitors? How many organizations could potentially use this app?
    First two answered, third 
How would you like your report to be exported? Is there any prefered formatting?
    Formatted in answer sheet
What kind of horse and and exhibitor information will be entered?
    -
What kind of divisions and classes are there?
    -
Do you have a sheet/schedule? (take a cellphone picture)
    -
Do you want to use this website on a particular domain/host? 
    N/A
How would you classify the users of this app? How many user types are in this app? E.g. admin user, exhibitor user
    -
Should the program compute billing? How? 
    Yea. 
Should this handle pre-registration? Or registration at the event? Both? 
    -


Oct 28th Barracks horse show


Enough children is 3 otherwise will merge 
Excel spreadsheet - none of us
Website result form VHSA.com has all of the classes available and the roles for each division they offer
Pick and choose from VHSA, sometimes get from 4-H, sometimes make them up - need some form of customization
If anyone is registered for a california warm up class they can use that class to warm up 
Don’t show up at the same time - we check that they’re registered for it even though its not judged yet - someone monitors the gate - can’t enter at any time should be before their class

# Requirements

Notes
    Personal Laptop
    Horse show materials - purpose of computer would be to run this program
What specs would be good for the computer?
    Not disclosing personal information in the database
    Personal laptop would be used to bring information about the 4-H club to different areas

4-H club - org for young people (9-19) associated with VT university 
We’re our own non profit incorporated
Associated w/ tech but we have our own finances/autonomy
Have to abide 4-H rules
Horse club - other 4-H’s do anything from large animals to robots

Support edu contests by hosting horse show program
Day long horse show
Classes available to public (open show) anybody can come and show

Program that would hold data from year to year
Generate reports from year to year
VHSA associate show (virginia horse show association)
Have their own year end awards and points - reports have to go to them to count up the points

# HOW THE HORSE SHOW WORKS

Rider and a horse - discrete competitive unit (identified with unique number)
One rider can have many horses - have them in different classes
Two riders and one horse
Tell us which class they want to compete in with what horse
Every show is different -have different divisions and different classes
Determined by vhsa or by 4-H
We can determine how many classes are available at that division
May have different divisions and other counties
Mostly have hunter or hunter pleasure horses - no western typically
Will have hunter classes or jumper classes
Refer to program for classes and divisions
Working hunter
Sometimes offer a western division (very little interest)
Occasionally 
So few dressage riders in our area- usually have that at a separate clinic or event just for dressage
Considering loaning to district qualifying events - showing it off at the state level
4 qualifying shows- youth take their horses there in order to qualify for state horse show
Everyone is assigned a number which they wear on their back - identify them to the judge who sees it when they’re showing
Get assigned a number - follows them around - can potentially generate a label with a label with the rider, horse, and classes for the combo of that rider and that horse is registered in. Each horse and rider combo is a primary key
A lot of rules for USDA - a lot of careful horse owners
Things they’ll usually have pre-registered - some forms
Almost everything is done manually - fill out forms when they get to the show
Even if the horse show site has wifi - people involved in horse world don’t usually have internet
Provide documentation that says who they are, present the horse’s coggins (horse health eval - blood test for equine infectious anemia) - every horse has to have current coggins - that is a USDA requirement, has labs
Rule book needed for VHSA
Horse Show program requirements
4-H classes will follow rules of the 4-H show google “virginia 4-H horse show program”
Historical database -same horse will come year after year as well as the same rider year after year - even if the same combo comes a year later, numbers are only relative to that show on that day. 
Horses will have official legal name for their coggins and then their barn name
Cricket real name, southern coupe official name
Limitations of old system - prevented certain fields 4-H state show as opposed to a VHSA show
Classes associated w each division that would prepopulate the classes - want to be able to customize them
Judge walkie talkies the rankings of each class
Shorthand
Slashed line when they enter a class
Lateral line - they scratched from that class
Finish the x for the slashed line when they compete in a class
10 is first place, 6 is second, 4 is 3rd, 2 is 4th, 1 is 5th
Have one of these for children, adults and ponies
Once they have the scoring/places - need to make sure results tie to what ribbons they get
At end of show - clean up work - have to send results to VHSA and 4-H
Print labels using information ONLY when they’re pre-registered
If they haven’t pre-registered they manually put it on the back
Can get a printer for that purpose
Batch print potentially for pre-registerers
Already knows whether they’re address labels or number labels
Individually print at the time of registration
Hp - use the avery template - in the past just typed in the information
Selects labels as the paper type
Download VHSA Form from online and enter in results, PDF or Word format
Auto-populating fields of PDF
Pull down the form for the current year
Better to manually download and put the pdf into the program
